Ashley Bertrand and Megan Weller

Ashley:
My main responsibilities in this assignment were to implement the functionality for grab() and drop().  
One of the hardest parts of the assignment was having to jump into a bunch of code that I was not familiar 
with (because I didn't write it), and then making sense of all the class relationships.  At times, I found 
it difficult trying to maintain the model/view separation for displaying the messages in accordance with 
the current conditions.

I made a few assumptions regarding the implementation of these methods (which are also listed as comments 
in the code).  If there is more than one item that can be 'grabbed' or 'dropped', the player will grab or 
drop the first one listed.  Also, with regards to the carryingArea display, it will always show what is 
currently being carried, but individual messages (ie. "The room is empty.") do not get updated until the 
next time 'grab' or 'drop' is clicked.

For formatting purposes, I added two methods in the Player class.  I also decided to make the game and room 
descriptions a little more interesting by spreading my love for Harry Potter.

The most difficult part about finishing this assignment was due to our team falling apart towards the beginning
of the project.  Initially, our problems arose from a lack of communication/assignment delegation, but grew to
more serious issues involving incorrect allegations and hurtful accusations, where Megan and I decided we could
no longer work in such an environment.  We were able to pick up from where we left off on our individual work
and make up for the loss of a teammate to finish the assignment ourselves.

Total Time Spent: ~600 minutes

Megan:
My main responsibilities of the project were to a)connect the directional buttons b)connect the getView() and 
c)show the key view.

a & b) This was the easiest part of the coding for me personally. I did have to go through and find how the
buttons were connected to the old interface and figure out how to connect them to the new GUI. It took me awhile
to see how all the classes are related, but the UML chart helped a lot. To avoid repetition, I added a enterRoom()
method to enter, set location, and check if the user was running into walls. 

c)The key view is the most difficult part for me. I struggled with where to put the getView() and if there were
any conditions to get that view. I was first trying to see if when they approached the door, it would distinguish
whether is was in fact a Door versus a Room. In the end, I set the descriptions in the enter() method in class Door.
I know that it would eventually enter that method once they approached the Door. Once you are in the room, it will
set a key description that would tell the user they are either unable to go in or they have and they are locked in.

Total Time Spent: ~480 minutes

*Sheila created the "Ouch! There's a wall!" implementation

Transcript of commit log:


